---
title: End of Year 8
layout: post
author: dhilan.nathwani
permalink: /end-of-year-8/
source-id: 1rw8GvODjUEeWxsUh1O-MxbsmfcaXVFfKOW4IGshUckk
published: true
---
**End of Year 8, 17.07.17**

Year 8 has been an amazing year and I have learned so much. From Codecademy to a robot arm I have truly enjoyed IT this year. I had Mr Keen for the first term, Drama with Mr Flower for the second term and Mr Tansley for the final term. I can honestly say I enjoyed every term with each teacher. Different teachers have different approaches to teaching and I have enjoyed each personality. Each teacher has impacted on my learning equally. 

**My favourite lesson: **

My favourite lesson was in the first term with Mr Keen on the 8th December 2016 and it was the final lesson before Christmas. My partner, Aidan Meazzo, was at a rugby match for most of the lesson and I got we had finished the FUSE Box so we got to use the robot arm. It was really cool because I got the Robot Arm to pick up a pencil and drop it again without 'breaking it'.  This was really fun because I got to control a robot arm from my computer without breaking sweat. This really excited me.

My blog has also changed a lot this year. I now have a table outline, a new background, fonts, avatar, gif and different colours of text. This is down to me but also the teachers helped me so much. 

Finally I would like to thank all the teachers this year for a truly fun time and I have learned so much. I cannot wait for IT next year. **THANK YOU** 

